Revamp NFT rewards, add Quiz configs (#7)
oasisprotocol/demo-quiz: README.md

npx hardhat deploy --network localhost
```

> The deployed Quiz and OasisReward addresses will be reported. Remember it and store it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployed Quiz and OasisReward addresses will be reported. Store them
```

Author: Added to PR.

inside the `frontend` folder's `.env.development`, for example:

```
VITE_QUIZ_ADDR=0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff

> VITE_NFT_ADDR=0x3C8D74Aa9b3390Af534351dB8dcF5A65FE7C9Dd2

Reviewer: Let's remove VITE_NFT_ADDR and automatically look it up by calling getNftAddress() of the contract.

Author: Removed VITE_NFT_ADDR, vue app now fetches from onchain data.

   ```

5. Fund the contract and the gasless account. Example:

   ```shell
   npx hardhat fund 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff 100  --network sapphire-testnet # contract
   npx hardhat fund 0xd8cA6E05FC1a466992D98f5f4FFC621ca95b7229 10  --network sapphire-testnet # gasless account
   ```

6. Set NFT reward contract address and enable Mint from Quiz contract.

   ```shell

>    npx hardhat setNftAddress 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff  0xB22C255250d74B0ADD1bfB936676D2a299BF48Bd --network sapphire-testnet # contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   npx hardhat setNftAddress 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff  0xB22C255250d74B0ADD1bfB936676D2a299BF48Bd --network sapphire-testnet
```

>    npx hardhat storeNFT 0xd8cA6E05FC1a466992D98f5f4FFC621ca95b7229 '../frontend/src/assets/images/metadata_ipfs.json'   --network sapphire-testnet # gasless account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   npx hardhat storeNFT 0xd8cA6E05FC1a466992D98f5f4FFC621ca95b7229 test/assets/images/metadata_inline.json   --network sapphire-testnet 
```

### Deploy and setup quiz with a single task

> You can also setup and run the entire quiz in a single task. `deployAndSetupQuizGassless` and `deployAndSetupQuizNormal` both deploy and set up the quiz and NFT reward, with `deployAndSetupQuizGassless` also setting up the gasless tx.

Reviewer: Please wrap the line to 80 characters. Also in the rest of the README.

Author: Wrapped to 80 lines, also added max-line-length to solhint linter.

### Deploy and setup quiz with a single task

You can also setup and run the entire quiz in a single task.

> `deployAndSetup` deploys
> and sets up the quiz and NFT reward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`deployAndSetup` deploys and sets up the quiz and NFT reward.
```

```shell
npx hardhat deployAndSetup test-config.yaml --network sapphire-testnet

```

Check out other hardhat tasks that will help you manage the quiz:

```shell
npx hardhat help
```

### A note on tests:

When running tests on sapphire-localnet

```shell
npx hardhat test --network sapphire-localnet
```

avoid setting $PRIVATE_KEY environment variable, 
unless the address associated with this key is already funded on the network. 

### Additional tasks
1. Add single question.

```shell
npx hardhat addQuestion "My question?" 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff --network sapphire-testnet
```

2. Clear questions.

```shell
npx hardhat clearQuestions 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff --network sapphire-testnet
```

3. Reclaim funds from Quiz contract.

```shell

> npx hardhat reclaimFunds 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff 
> 0xC66AB83418C20A65C3f8e83B3d11c8C3a6097b6F --network sapphire-testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx hardhat reclaimFunds 0x385cAE1F3afFC50097Ca33f639184f00856928Ff 0xC66AB83418C20A65C3f8e83B3d11c8C3a6097b6F --network sapphire-testnet
```

```

4. Fetch from Ipfs.

```shell

> npx hardhat fetchImageFromIpfs Qmbr87zRx1uGM9fGYgHXRyq4EwSZ4jSaiXwQZC7ACpNcfW
> output.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx hardhat fetchImageFromIpfs Qmbr87zRx1uGM9fGYgHXRyq4EwSZ4jSaiXwQZC7ACpNcfW output.png
```

You can use one of the deployed test accounts and associated private key with
MetaMask. If you use the same MetaMask accounts on fresh local networks such as
Hardhat Node, Foundry Anvil or sapphire-dev docker image, don't forget to

> _clear your account's activity_ each time or manually specify the correct

Reviewer: Stick to either asterisks or underlines. Since the parameters above use `**` I'd stick to aseterisks. This is probably bold not italic right?

```suggestion
**clear your account's activity** each time or manually specify the correct
```

Author: Markdown formatter appears to use italic, changed back to bold manually now.
